I gotta talk to you hi Johnny what is
this
what are you doing pretty good stuff huh
I recognize the hockey team for Chris
that's all his friend Chris yeah our
first practice this afternoon you are
looking at hopes falling off take that
stuff in the garage okay there's gonna
be an accident call it off before Chris
had been looking for this all week huh
Michelle John wait
I got a talk for you we always get on
that pile until March what the hell is
the matter with you you want to kill
your own son I'm scared dad
Christ's sake John don't be scared just
go eat your cookies don't you know who I
am
of course I know who you are
you think I'd have you come into my
son's life without checking you out but
I hired you for your abilities as a
teacher not as a fortune teller now
don't give me any argument
the ice is gonna break
[Music]
you